This is a head gum original.
Let's start with the energy really fucking out.
Let's keep that going for the whole episode.
Let's do it. Really?
This is going to be the hangariest episode of the head gum podcast in history.
We all have not eaten today, is that fair to say?
I forgot to complete the group order.
The lead.
We're like, where are the salads?
That's what we have that be of snacks in the room.
We're getting a peek into the New York office.
The trials, tribulations, miss happenings, etc.
Does this happen often? Is that fair to say?
No, because I'm not put in charge of the laundry.
Normally does it.
Tell me it's not a risk.
It's usually Marie.
It's not.
Yeah, it's usually me.
You've been doing it right recently.
Honestly, it's pretty political.
Let's move away from the topic.
No, it's actually that time to dive in when it's political.
But what's the gossip?
Who gets mad at whom's when Marie replaces the order?
What are her normal follies and faults?
I don't do anything wrong.
Placing the order.
It's just really political.
The chosen restaurant.
Okay.
And what do you guys normally want, dig?
No.
No, they don't.
I would eat dig all the time.
To comb.
No, we haven't ordered to comb.
Ever.
That could be fun.
Not to the office.
I used to do that on Williamsburg.
I got the Williamsburg office.
I used to get that.
Well, there is one near Union Square.
We should say.
Yeah.
It's near the Grammar Sea.
I think.
Because I got to comb be right before our show there two years ago.
Which I want to emphasize two years ago.
Why didn't we do a show last year?
Why had it when we done this one this year?
Let me take that again.
Why didn't we do one last?
Why didn't we do one this year?
This is a question for Joel for some reason.
We're working on it.
Are we?
Joel's running code on it.
Yes.
No way.
It's going to be an AI event.
Yeah.
You don't actually even need to fly here.
A virtual clone of really every podcast host not just you.
In perpetuity or.
Uh.
Yeah.
Will I still get paid.
Royalties.
Or they can.
Penny's on the dollar.
That's fine.
At least they wouldn't have to show up for anything.
Um.
No, that weekend where we did the live show.
Emma and Joel, were you guys working here yet?
No.
It was such a good time.
It was like the best weekend of my life.
I think Marieka had a bad time because we did it on her birthday.
Yeah, it was on my birthday.
Um.
So that was rough.
Yeah.
Didn't.
Didn't make the choice of.
I didn't get to make the choice of the week of the show that I was.
Planning.
Did you feel celebrated?
Um.
I'm away.
People.
The cookies that were brought for me.
We're brought by for you.
I brought those for you.
Yeah.
I said a lot of people ate them.
And you wanted.
Oh, you wanted the whole box.
Is that what you're saying?
I want the whole box.
But I like didn't really get a chance.
Eat them.
You didn't even have one.
I had one.
But it was like a box of 12 cookies.
But how many cookies did you really want?
We're starting to understand how
you can get around her birthday.
Her anniversary.
Yeah.
Your Divo.
I just felt like I should have been able to at least have like two.
Two.
That's what I was going to say.
A sample science, especially because these were from.
Um.
Let me.
I'm going to look it up on Google Maps.
I forget where they were from.
The place was bizarre.
Played these air.
Um.
Was it the the one in Williamsburg?
Yeah.
But I feel like there's a couple in Williamsburg.
It was the one on wife.
I think.
I know where you're talking about.
I just don't remember the name.
It's next to Brooklyn.
By the way, it matters.
Chip.
It matters.
Chip City.
Yeah.
And I also love Chip City.
But this year, it's got to be crumble.
Crumbles.
Do you guys listen to blonde shell?
No.
Never heard about for it.
Uh, she's an old buddy of mine from college.
And she has the song called Kiss City.
Yeah.
Okay.
That wasn't a commensurate reaction.
That wasn't fair to me.
Um.
America.
We are looking.
We should say at the weekend of October.
It's not even a weekend.
But we are looking to do a show on Monday, October 16th.
Um.
So the day after.
Martin.
Oh.
Today's afternoon.
Wait.
I haven't even realized that Martin.
Amir's wedding is on Marty's birthday.
I thought Marty's birthday was the 14th.
Really.
I might have been wishing him well.
Wrong.
The day late.
Yeah.
Let me say.
It doesn't matter though.
He has a Porsche.
Right?
So it doesn't.
He sold it.
Um.
That's fair.
He didn't fit in it.
Marty like the company got some funding.
Marty started being like a big spender.
He sold up vintage Porsche, like ending in 1969.
And then he pulled up one day to the office.
I was like, that's such a cool car.
And he was like, yeah.
My head hits the roof.
He was like, yeah, he'll grow it.
Yeah, exactly right.
Yeah.
Two big first bridges.
Amir.
Are you a guy?
Are you a disciple?
Are you a car guy?
No.
I'm not a car guy.
Joel.
I think the car guy is like so lame.
How so?
Like, it's not a hobby to buy expensive things.
What do you, what constitutes a hobby?
Because I, it needs, go ahead.
I don't, I mean, I don't, I'm not a car guy either.
But just to play devil's at it.
Yes.
But that, this argument doesn't even lean towards that.
For car guys, I feel like their whole thing is like getting together and just driving.
Is that not a hobby?
That's a hobby.
I don't think it's a cool thing that car gets together to do something entirely solitary
is like a very kind of masculine.
That's, that's true.
I was just talking to Joel saying that I met somebody who went to his high school.
And I went out with like a vague new friend and his friends last weekend.
And I was a little nervous.
I was like, I don't know what your friends are like.
And then they were all like sensitive boys.
And we actually got into shit.
We actually got into it.
We talked about our family dynamics and like how our, you know, childhood shaped our nowadays.
And that's something rare.
Medium rare, maybe.
We're a response fast.
Don't like stare at the extent of silence.
Mereka looks like devastated by the idea of me having an emotionally intelligent conversation
with a medium rare.
And it means like it happens the perfect amount.
No.
That's true.
Um.
Mereka, my fans on both of them a lot.
My headphones.
Bond of the week.
Back on for that.
Susan Sorandon is my pick.
Let's just get through this.
Emma.
That's fun.
Oh, that's a good one.
Start with Joel.
I don't know.
Gave it from Dave.
All right.
You know, I ate through every cast member.
Mereka.
Ian McShane.
Oh, the, um.
The hot French girl who's in passages.
Passive.
I saw.
Did you, when did you see it?
I saw it last week.
Okay.
I saw it.
I saw it like two days ago.
Did you like it?
Yeah, I loved it.
It was a great tip for my entire theater to turn on the main character at the same time.
Yeah.
Totally.
Um.
Yeah.
She's my Adele.
Something are there.
I don't know her name.
Nice.
Um.
That's that segment.
We did it.
Um.
We don't do it every week.
But I'm trying to do it as much as we can every week.
So that it's like a runner.
I have a point about my little hobby.
Where are you explaining this now?
Real hobbies.
Yeah.
I think every man should have like one hobby that no one else in their life understands.
Well, it dears.
What's yours?
Yeah.
I think I'm still searching.
But like my friend found a great one where he has like a storage unit upstate, which is also kind of where he like motor cycle.
So he's a murderer.
So that's cars.
That's the same thing with different amounts of wheels.
No.
Because the thing that he does is he just like, he's just like, oh, I got to like check out like some stuff at my storage unit.
And you're like, what?
And he's just like gone for like 36 hours from the city.
Yeah.
He's a drug dealer.
I was going second family.
I went.
That's where he stores his bodies.
I just think it's cool that like he disappears and like no one knows what he's doing.
I think we've listed is arguably a hobby.
Yeah.
That's worse than car guy hobby.
You think it's cool that he disappears off the face of the earth.
We're 30.
Exactly.
A hobby.
Well, I guess you could have a solitary hobby.
That's like gone girling.
That's a hobby.
Yeah.
I've never seen that.
But that sounds weird.
I do collect watches.
This is actually a swatch that I just got in the mail this morning.
Cool.
So it's actually kind of watch.
That's the name of it.
You should get the James Bond swatch series.
So I don't know if you can see this on the zoom, but the it shows the date.
The day the week.
So this isn't cool or impressive.
Yeah.
That's fine.
That it isn't to you, but you just said that you think it's cool when men have hobbies
that other people don't understand.
Yeah.
That's true.
But this isn't a hobby.
This is buying shit.
Yeah.
No, it's collecting.
Collecting is not a hobby.
Collecting like all quarters from 50 states is the same.
This is the same thing.
This is from the 70s.
Anyway.
I just joined a watch collecting group in Los Angeles.
And I'm going to the first one tomorrow.
The first event.
I wonder if you guys will talk about yours.
I'm really excited to hear about the people that we're at.
I'm really worried about the people that are at it.
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm really like, like I said, I'm trying to say yes to more shit right now.
And I am fearful avoidant that these people will avoid me.
And vice versa.
Right.
I'm going to dance that.
Yeah.
But actually be more similar to you than you could ever possibly imagine.
That's almost worst case scenario.
Right.
Anyway, Maria, you have a lot of hobbies.
I feel like there's a lot of fast.
I feel like there's a normal, like, definition of a hobby.
It's like going to the movies.
Like, I don't know.
Do you not feel like that?
Like it's not exciting.
It's just like a thing that you do.
I, you've seen every Broadway show.
It seems like I think that's novel.
I think that's normal.
I would say that that is my hobby.
But then when I tell people that it's my hobby,
they're like, that's crazy.
And not a hobby.
I don't know.
What is this, like, weird, like, fucking big brothering of what's a hobby and what's not?
Sort of a hobby.
That's your thing that no one else has been.
I just want to make a few people feel bad about the shit that they do on the side.
On the side.
Emma, hobbies?
Oh, okay.
I was going to say, I mean, I wish I like played a sport or like did an activity.
It was like more of a thing or like did crafting.
That's like a hobby.
It's entirely in your hands.
You can take up a sport or a craft.
What craft did you do?
I'll teach you how to knit.
We could knit together.
I don't know how to knit.
I would love to learn how to knit.
I know to crochet.
My, I really want to make rugs.
Let's try one.
Talk about that a lot.
I did.
I should get into that.
Yeah, you're always talking about that.
At this point, just do it.
Yeah.
It's why we can't fucking order lunch.
Because just talking about making rugs.
Because browsing looms.
Emma, what are your hobbies or lack there of?
My hobbies are.
Stuff that like with any skill would be more than a hobby.
Like creating poetry or movies or whatever.
That is, that is the thing.
I feel like I want to make rugs partially.
So I could like sell them for a lot of money.
Rugs?
Do you work?
What a list.
I think.
Have an art.
But it's like what am I going to do with like.
What am I going to do with like 10 rugs, you know?
Like, and I just keep making rugs.
You could sell them.
But for a lot of money is the part of the sentence that I have an issue with.
Or you gift them to your friends.
Give them your friends.
Like for a month.
It would be a great gift.
But it'd be like a, like, rugs are like $600.
Plus, like, I'm giving you a $600 hand made item.
No, so I'm a cost.
But not just don't, just don't be like Nordic knots.
At cost is crazy.
I made a lot of, so I give a lot of like knitwear is gift.
And I made a bunch of like baby onesies over the pandemic.
And it was like, we like $200 in materials.
And then probably like $2,000 in my time.
But that's that cost.
It has to be inclusive of labor is what I meant.
So just, but $200 is still an insane amount of money.
No, no, it would be the $2200.
Okay.
That's more reasonable.
I see a thing now.
For one baby ones.
One baby ones.
Yeah.
How much the rug costs that you gift me.
Inclusive of labor.
I will spend that amount of dollars on chip city chips.
It's a gift to you on your birthday.
What?
It just give me cash.
All right.
I'm again, I'm also starting to see what Marika wants for her birthday.
Seems like cash and envelope.
I just truly, all I ever want.
And let me tell you, a hard thing to ask my parents for.
They do not want to do that.
I got that.
I'm like that too.
But no, I'm not sure.
Um, can you make those onesies in any size?
Yeah.
I can make a job size one.
See if that's what you're doing.
All right.
I'm a 44 regular.
I don't know if that is taking some size.
Yeah.
Oh, it's like.
No, like 22 to 23 inches across the chest.
And then just like, you know,
I don't need that much room in the ground.
For now.
Uh, Marika.
Yeah.
You're shifting in your seats, making everyone else uncomfortable by proxy.
I mean, you have to point it out.
And we probably have gotten past it.
I sort of like, I was trying to take up my shoes.
So I could sit across.
I got a mud spired me.
And I'm worried about Joel and Emma's corporate level with you.
Not having shoes on in the fucking studio.
And my son, she was on the studio.
Okay.
Joel.
I'm not wearing underwear.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Um, what do you guys most excited about in life right now?
I am, uh, stressed.
Some flying to Red Rocks tomorrow to see in my friend have no plan.
But we're going to see Mount Joy.
I haven't done laundry in weeks.
But it should go well.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
No, he's not.
He's flying during.
Marie, go what you most excited about.
Um, I'm excited for you to come to New York.
Yeah.
I'm coming to New York.
Just for sad.
I'm not going to be here.
Nobody's going to be there.
Oh, do you want to come do a Bruce Spring scene with me and my dad?
All of my friends are like on the 30th.
No, unlike September 3rd or 2nd or something.
Never mind.
Besides a Sunday.
Um, if it wasn't with your dad, I would go.
We should have father sometime.
We have an extra ticket.
You know, it would be sort of medium rare.
Really bad.
I'm not comfortable around fathers.
So, uh, we don't have to get us like that.
Um, but that sounds really fun.
I actually did almost get tickets to see Springsteen in LA.
And I still might.
So, I might save myself for that slash marriage.
I'll pencil you in.
Um, Emma.
Um.
You didn't gush her as bad.
I'm sorry.
Um.
I am excited.
The week that I won't be here and that you will be here.
I'm going to be with my sisters and my cousins all on a trip.
In coastal Maine or.
Um, Black Island.
I wasn't used to Maine recently.
It's off of Rhode Island.
That's cool.
Newport.
No.
Don't just like list places in the Northeast.
There's no way you're going south from here.
Because you'd have to get down to South Carolina for there to be anywhere.
Worth.
I'm not going south.
Right.
Or other words.
Your line is pretty good.
Nice.
What's up, America?
I said North Carolina is pretty good.
Really Asheville.
Sure.
I heard the most tragic horrendous story.
So bad.
I can't even say it on the podcast.
The took place in North Carolina recently.
We really need to take a break.
I'm so sorry.
Guys, wait, you hear that sound?
That's the sound of a sale that you're missing out on.
Because you're not selling on Shopify.
And what does it sound like with Shopify?
Oh, much better.
Start selling with Shopify today.
Shopify is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide.
So whether you're a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify is the only tool you need
to start, run and grow your business without the struggle.
Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel.
So whether you're selling satin sheets from Shopify's in-person
POS system or offering organic olive oil on Shopify's all-in-one e-commerce platform,
you're covered.
And once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the internet's best
converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers.
Now, I've never sold with Shopify, but I have bought from a lot of Shopify stores,
especially on the e-commerce side.
And I have to say that that last point is absolutely correct.
I mean, sometimes when I'm on the fence about whether or not I want to buy something.
You know, if it's a native checkout in someone's own website,
I'm like, I don't know if I want to create an account and enter all my information.
But if it's a Shopify store, it auto fills and it's just, you know,
sometimes that's all you need to get the sale.
Plus, Shopify's award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way.
You can't go wrong.
Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify.com slash podcast one, all over
case, go to Shopify.com slash podcast one to take your business to the next level today.
Again, that's Shopify.com slash podcast one.
Let's hear that sound again.
Thanks, Shopify.
And we're back.
Well, welcome to we haven't done an actual game segment in a minute.
And what's that?
What's that?
And said, and we're snack.
So you got a pretzel out of the container.
Sorry, I just, yeah.
I don't know.
Not like derail everything, but.
Yeah.
We've played this game before.
Gizhou boo.
All over again.
Can I finish?
Go on.
This is fiction, Harry.
This was suggested by somebody in the YouTube comments to play this again.
I had forgotten we'd done it.
And I don't know their name.
So they won't get any credit.
But this is fiction area.
This is a Victorian era parlor game where everyone guesses the definition of an obscure word in the parlor.
So you need to go to the parlor.
That's just treat this as the parlor.
Okay.
Are you guys get the rules of the game?
I'm going to say an obscure word and then we all take guesses that, you know, what it means.
And let's raise the stakes a little bit.
If you guys get kind of near the right word.
And I'm not going to do the Venmo thing.
I'm not going to do the cash.
We haven't done that in like a year.
It's played out.
I will answer one very personal question about myself.
People always say, oh, Jeff can dish it out.
But he can't take it.
You can ask me anything.
If you're close enough to the definition.
But I'm only comfortable doing this because you're not going to get any of these.
Is that fair?
Yeah.
That's fair.
All right.
Naskin.
N-A-What's that?
No, I was going to ask with an N or an M.
N-A-S-K-I-N.
It's like napkin, but with an S.
That is when like new skin grows over a scab.
So you think it's like a portmento of like nasty skin.
I was thinking nascent and skin.
Oh, very good.
Very good.
That is a colloquialism, meaning like I'm not asking that.
So can you use that in a sentence?
I'm asking that.
Oh.
What?
Okay.
That's a good assumption.
Yeah.
I think Naskin is...
When you're like perturbing someone, like annoying.
Okay.
I'm really like Marika's.
Yeah.
I really do start using it.
Marika's is awesome.
Thank you.
Naskin means you're all wrong.
Prison.
Prison?
Yeah.
It's just a different word for a prison.
What's the origin?
It wasn't prepared for you to ask that.
And we're doing it now.
I really wish you were Naskin that.
Very good.
It looks like it is not showing up on Google.
It's not a real word.
It really is not.
Tell Google to get in the parlor.
Google is lacking in the parlor.
Okay.
Dictionary.
She's fucking crazy.
It's not showing origin.
Right.
I think it's not English word.
No.
It is.
I think it must just be like so old.
That there's not a lot of literature on it.
Moving on.
Jabri.
J-O-B-B-E-R-Y.
Also, everyone feel free to play along at home.
And write your definitions of these words in the comments of the YouTube video.
One at a time.
As you're watching this.
Yeah.
So we can then maybe next time we play this or next week we'll read those on the pod.
Maybe.
That might not be a good idea.
I just thought of it now.
Jabri.
J-O-B-B-E-R-Y.
I think it's like joyful.
Playful.
I think it's a location similar to like a Haber Dashory.
But where they give out jobs.
Like a like a tempo agency.
But old timey.
Like you go in or like I need a job.
And they're like, you know.
Like a depression era person standing out of a factory and like handing like
this lipstick.
Yeah.
So good at this game.
I'm just doing the most humorless thing.
What is a Haber Dash?
It's a place where they sell hats.
Is a Haber Dash a hat?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Okay.
J-O-B-E-R-Y.
It feels like you wouldn't know.
I take a fence to that.
Uh, a jobry is like that feeling when something's gone a little too soon.
Well, well.
All wrong.
It's the conduct of public business for private gain.
I mean.
You think any of those rich clothes?
What do you call this?
You said it was a Haber Dashory.
I said it was, I said it was a business.
Yeah.
Business.
We get jeans.
Fine.
Not hats.
Ask me anything.
I don't want to.
I don't know anything about me.
I don't take joy in asking extremely personal questions about you.
See, I don't get that.
Do you want a phone a friend or a phone a phone?
Sure.
Joel, do you want to ask a personal question?
Uh, when did you last feel my definition of jobry?
And I already forgot your definition.
Can you remind me?
When something's gone a little bit too soon.
Oh.
Uh.
My next thing does not make work.
I joke because I want to like make a good for the podcast.
That's not what I said I would do.
Um, my friend Corey, who's on the show on the all about dairy or something about dairy.
Oh, yeah.
That's the guy who threatened me or something.
Yeah.
Oh, he is in New York.
By the way, and he is going to beat the shit out of you.
He's been searching for you.
No, he moved to New York.
I went to Kentucky for a job.
And then when I was there, he moved to New York.
And what I got back.
And I was just like, where the hell is Corey?
And that made me sad.
Also, I was supposed to get back the day of his going away party.
And then they extended me.
And so I didn't even get to say goodbye.
Hmm.
It was kind of a flex, but I'm sorry to hear that.
The flex is that I have no friends in LA.
But the job and secretary people in Kentucky fucking love you.
Bad job.
I went already ordered.
So I mean, if he can get food in the whole podcast or community.
Yeah.
Sure.
We could if you guys wanted it.
Crazy looking chair.
I like it.
I do too.
What do you think about like outlets that are like really high up?
I don't need that.
I don't like it.
Yeah.
Sorry.
How did it delivery?
What'd you get?
I got a new AC unit because the old one broke and it's fucking scorching here.
Moving on.
Prover.
TR-O-V-E-R.
This one's stumping you guys.
It's trover.
Can you give us what type.
Can you give us if it's like a noun or an adjective.
It is.
It's a great question.
It's a noun.
I think I'm so stressed by that question because I'm like,
I'm not sure about what I'm in an adjective.
I can't think of what that grouping of things is called.
It's a person place or a thing.
No, no.
Like a noun, adjective, verb, etc.
Like what those are.
Oh.
Part of speech.
Thank you.
Trover's a noun.
I think it's a terrestrial rover.
Like the one sent to Mars.
Interesting.
I think it's like low lying shrubs in a forest on a hill.
It's really good.
Okay.
We made love on the trover.
Yeah.
On the shrubs.
Um.
Trover.
Uh, I think it's a kind of trophy.
Okay.
Um, it's actually legal action brought to recover goods from the wrongful owner.
Yeg.
He was the same pleasure as having.
Egg with a Y.
Is that the egg?
Y.
Exactly.
Yeg.
This is a hard one, honestly.
You do the part of speech?
No.
It's a hobby that was popular in 1850's Germany.
Interesting.
We're in.
If you put an egg on a spoon.
And then bike with it in your mouth.
Oh, Carl.
Okay.
What?
It's sorry.
What time?
You said 1850's?
Yeah.
Okay.
Maria.
I think it is a type of singing.
That's very gutterl.
And with a very flummy situation in your throat.
Emma.
I think it's like some sort of club.
Okay.
Honestly, I'm going to give it to Joel.
It's a burglar of safes.
But it first appeared in print in Europe in 1873.
So I'll give it to you for the timing of it all.
And I do think that safe cracking is kind of a hobby.
That is a hobby.
Yeah.
Have at it.
I don't want to ask you any more personal questions.
So these stakes aren't high enough.
You guys don't want to get the definition, right?
I don't want to know anything about me.
You don't want to share your so explicit about not wanting to share.
I just shared a very earnest thing.
Yeah, but it wasn't like.
So it's like interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah, it wasn't interesting.
All right.
So what would raise the stakes?
What would you want the prize to be for being close?
I think you should have to make me a rug.
That's so mismatched.
I mean, I don't have to learn a new trade.
You would improve yourself.
Barely.
I think that you, I think you should make him like a t-shirt.
No.
These are weights.
These are.
Just on a barn.
Honestly, I think Jeff, I think you could make like,
Oh, made t-shirts a thing for you.
Maybe.
Like the ones where you just write in a black Sharpie on a white t-shirt,
like you bring this back.
Maybe.
That's not good for this episode.
I'm trying to put together a good episode and something oral.
Sure.
Gosh, right.
All right.
No.
Sing me your favorite spring scene song for 15 seconds.
Please.
No.
I was just pissing a song.
And actually, no, this is what it is.
Every time someone gets one right,
you need to do that same task.
Okay.
And when we collectively get five right,
you have to go to spring scene with me and my dad.
Listen, there's six more.
So you have to get three, three, three out of six.
Okay.
And by the way, I'm the judge.
So I'm just not going to give you three.
Gosley,
G-us-l-i.
It's an app where they deliver gas to you.
Gosley, just IPO.
I think it's a descriptor of like,
when you have really,
like, roughly, appendages on like a dress or outfit.
Okay.
It's like a very like overwhelming bosom.
That's how you get it.
Before there were mommy milkers there was a ghost.
The correct definition is actually Russian zither.
Oh, that's cool.
What's zither?
That's a musical instrument.
Zither.
Okay.
Don't yell at me.
That's the next word.
It's a musical instrument.
Fuck.
That's one fruit.
So I have to sing another spring scene song.
No sing a song.
I'm song that's not what would you do on a Saturday night.
I can't.
Did the song that I'm do?
He didn't know that's Andrew Lloyd-Retweber.
What else?
Sing, sing, sing, sing.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god.
Sing, sing.
Sing, um, an angel named Wipper songman.
Babbery.
All alone in the dark.
Ta-da-da-da-da.
All right.
Those were the words.
You were close, sir.
Whatever.
I did think you started with mammary though.
What?
You did think one.
I didn't like.
I said I thought you started with mammary.
Instead of mammary.
And I do always do that.
Hmm.
Start with the mammaries.
I hope, well, in my head, when I sing that song sometimes,
you're going to have it's often.
It's mammaries.
Because I'm thinking of...
Nevermind.
Uh, all right.
You're thinking of gusslies.
I'm thinking of gusslies.
Exactly, right.
Vacky.
Spellinger.
V-A-C-K-Y.
It's like when someone doesn't pay their taxes.
Oh, no, he's bad.
All right, go.
Um.
I think it's when I business doesn't pay their taxes,
and have to evacuate.
The bill doesn't pay their taxes,
It's the building.
Emma?
Sticky.
Um.
Both Joel and Marieka were almost exactly right.
It's just in a vacuumy.
Which is such...
Like...
Irresponsible way of referring to someone who had to flee
a life-threatening situation.
Oh, they back eat.
It's also too close to like vacate.
There's a bunch of vacgies trying to vacate.
Uh, all right.
Another song I have to sing, I guess.
Playboy Cardi song.
I don't know any of his songs.
A Britney Spears song.
Um.
Sing Lucky.
Strong girl, then yesterday.
Down to bed a dad never ran away.
I love that song.
Yeah.
Jerk!
J.A.R.K.
Let's-
This has been-
Let's speed it up.
It's because you guys are taking pregnant pauses.
It's supposed to be like, first thought, best thought.
You're going to-
Jerk!
It's a fucking...
Joey and me.
They chimmy shark, like shark sprinkles.
I said a jumpy shark, like a shark that jumps out of the ocean like a dolphin.
All right, shark, it's like when a dog's teeth get really overgrown and scary.
Okay.
It's like a joke, but if you're Australian, and you don't know how to do it.
All right.
That's pretty good.
No, it's a killer insignia on a counterfeit document.
Whoa.
Did it.
G-I-D.
Did.
Um, get a lot of care from this outfit.
What'd you say?
I said laugh.
Okay.
I said, like, get, like, a command, like, get, but if you're from this outfit.
To move swiftly, verb.
It's brain disease.
It's a brain disease suffered by sheep.
Ode.
O-D.
Um, let's go with a short,
in the way of saying odometer.
Uh, a tornado.
A stand-up guy.
It's actually a mild oath.
So it's something you're not sure if you're going to keep.
Yeah, like why there shouldn't be a word for that.
And if there is going to be a word for that.
Why is it Ode?
Short and sweet in and out.
That was all we had.
Um, do you guys have any other points to make?
Anything else you want to say?
We can wax for a bit.
And then go ahead.
Short and sweet.
In and out.
That was all we had.
Um, do you guys have any other points to make?
Anything else you want to say?
We can wax for a bit.
And then go to plugs or we can go to plugs and see what happens.
Um, I don't have any closing thoughts.
I can't believe you thought Zither was a weird word.
I don't think if you, if you were on this episode,
no one would have known what that was.
I believe.
I believe this.
I think he says an open hammer.
No.
It's good, right?
It's good.
If I want to get married, I just need to reference more movies.
No.
It was honestly like the fact that I'm a reference something and up at
Hymer after seeing it with us after not lining to see it with us because
she didn't know what it was.
It was the whole backstory of it.
So I have no chance.
Got it.
Yeah.
All right, plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
Let's fucking, let's get, let's get out of here.
Joel.
Uh, texting in the next 24 hours.
What I should do in Denver for a night.
Do you want to share your number?
This episode is going up for weeks.
Right.
You can.
Here's my number anyway.
Just text me honestly.
Follow me on Instagram.
Joelman done off.
And that is your ode.
Nice.
I don't think you use that word correctly, but.
Follow me at Mercilon on Twitter slash x Instagram threads.
Blue sky.
Flutter box.
To relax.
Relax man.
Fucking follow me dude.
Um.
That's it.
Listen to the pit wall.
Um.
Follow me at Emma Rosfolie on Instagram.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
And let's start getting some buzz about a headgun podcast live show going on.
Um, online.
Let's start sending some, uh, some emails to.
That come to me.
Well, that come and, uh, start demanding it.
Right.
We're, uh, looking at the mirror area.
We're really scary.
Melt.
Yeah.
Let's start threatening people's lives until it happens.
That's maybe the only way we'll get it.
Push it across the finish line.
And, um, yeah.
Looking forward.
That's Daw's folks.
Classic.
That was a hit-dum original.